Justine's already on her next step to
tracking down the Gibbons she's going to
build a platform as one of a giant
forest trees crossbow fires a line over
a high branch perfect this is just
beginning
I get the platform up for hot and sweaty
job of carrying the metal platform up
the steep slopes falls to biologists and
mountaineer Steve back shop I'm very
very glad that it's not me that's going
to be living on it three weeks back on
the trail of the clouded leopard Terra's
making a plaster cast of the footprint
having physical proof it lives here is
vital so maybe if we find animals like
the carrot lesson we might be able to
raise the status of this area of this
you very unique habitat so that it it
can be protected for posterity the
canyon may be remote today but could be
threatened tomorrow once this great
Southeast Asian island was all
rainforest but every year a million
trees are felled every year the
plantations creep closer
down in the lowlands the rows of oil
palm start stretch as far as the eye can
see 20 years ago this was all rainforest
for the team to help conserve the canyon
as a nature reserve they need evidence
that it's home to a rich variety of
wildlife from now on Justine will spend
each and every day perched on this
square
so you lot higher than it looked from
the ground the tree is higher than the
Statue of Liberty
if we see any Gibbons the Bakley gonna
extremely nervous you know it's a remote
spot hasn't you know hasn't been anyone
here let alone people up trees with the
help of the climbing team the platform
is hauled up the forest giant little bit
rainforest trees can grow over 70 metres
high but they are precarious with their
shallow roots clinging to thin soils if
a storm blows in they can easily crash
to the ground
but if you're serious about finding
Gibbons this is the only place to be now
Justine must sit
you